c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\bin\Debug\SchoolSystem.exe.config
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\bin\Debug\SchoolSystem.exe
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\bin\Debug\SchoolSystem.pdb
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem.g.resources
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem.exe
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SchoolSystem.pdb
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\TabList.g.cs
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\TabList.baml
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SearchControl.g.cs
c:\users\hassan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\SearchControl.baml
C:\Users\Hassan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\InsertClass.g.cs
C:\Users\Hassan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\InsertStudent.g.cs
C:\Users\Hassan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\InsertClass.baml
C:\Users\Hassan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SchoolSystem\SchoolSystem\obj\Debug\InsertStudent.baml
